Wandbb operator airgapped installation (#843)
wandb/docs: docs/guides/hosting/self-managed/bare-metal.md

### Database Server

> W&B recommends a [MySQL 8](#mysql-database) database as a metadata store. The shape of the ML practitioners parameters and metadata will greatly affect the performance of the database. The database is typically incrementally written to as practitioners track their training runs and is more read heavy when queries are executed in reports and dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
W&B recommends a [MySQL 8](#mysql-database) database as a metadata store. The shape of the model parameters and related metadata will greatly affect the performance of the database. The database size grows as the ML practitioners track more training runs, and incurs read heavy load when queries are executed in run tables, users workspaces, and reports.
```

Again, we recommend monitoring the resource usage and performance of the database to ensure that it operates optimally and to make adjustments as necessary.

> Additionally, we recommend the following [parameter overrides](#mysql-database) to tune the DB for MySQL 8.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, W&B recommends the following [parameter overrides](#mysql-database) to tune the DB for MySQL 8.
```
